docs(handbook): add guide for adding event properties to Customer.io (#17197)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/brand/email-comms.md

We turned the free allowance for {{ trigger.product_name | default: "a product" }} on {% if trigger.team_name %}{{ trigger.team_name }}{% else %}your account{% endif %} off and on again, giving you another month of free usage.
```

## Adding a new event property to Customer.io

> We use segments in Customer.io to target broadcasts and campaigns — for example, the onboarding flow targets users based on their product intent and activation. These segments are built from the events and properties that PostHog sends to Customer.io through a data pipeline, so a new event or property has to flow through that pipeline before you can build a segment on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Customer.io to target broadcasts and campaigns — for example, the onboarding flow targets users based on their events, as well as segments which define product intent and activation. PostHog sends this information to Customer.io through a data pipeline, so a new event or property has to flow through that pipeline before you can build a segment on it.
```

> To add a new event property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new event or property:
```

1. **Confirm the data is tracked in PostHog.** Product intent and activation criteria (such as a product's `product_key` value) are usually set up by the product manager for the relevant product. If the event or property you need isn't being tracked yet, ask the PM to create it in PostHog before going any further.
2. **Add the event or property to the Customer.io pipeline.** Any action or property we send to Customer.io must be added to the [Customer.io destination in PostHog](https://us.posthog.com/project/2/functions/0191b762-f77d-0000-1956-121a0c25c878). If you try to build a segment on something that isn't in the pipeline, the segment won't populate.

> 3. **Create the segment in Customer.io.** A newly added property won't appear in Customer.io's autocomplete when you start typing it. Instead, copy and paste the exact property name, save, and the segment will populate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Create the segment in Customer.io.** A newly added property won't appear in Customer.io's autocomplete when you start typing it. Instead, copy and paste the exact property name, save, and the segment will populate when the data arrives (but this is always worth testing or checking later).
```

To add a new event property:

1. **Confirm the data is tracked in PostHog.** Product intent and activation criteria (such as a product's `product_key` value) are usually set up by the product manager for the relevant product. If the event or property you need isn't being tracked yet, ask the PM to create it in PostHog before going any further.
2. **Add the event or property to the Customer.io pipeline.** Any action or property we send to Customer.io must be added to the [Customer.io destination in PostHog](https://us.posthog.com/project/2/functions/0191b762-f77d-0000-1956-121a0c25c878). If you try to build a segment on something that isn't in the pipeline, the segment won't populate.
3. **Create the segment in Customer.io.** A newly added property won't appear in Customer.io's autocomplete when you start typing it. Instead, copy and paste the exact property name, save, and the segment will populate.

> > If a segment isn't building as expected, the most common cause is that the underlying event or property hasn't been added to the pipeline yet.

Author: ```suggestion

```
